Add post-Newton correction hook to ClimaODEFunction (#440)
CliMA/TimeMachine.jl: NEWS.md

main
-------

v0.10.4
-------
- ![][badge-✨feature/enhancement] Added optional `T_post_imp!(du, u, p, t)` field on
  `ClimaODEFunction`. When set, it is evaluated on the Newton-solved stage state `U*`
  (with `cache_imp!` refreshed on `U*` first) and applied as `U ← U* + dtγ · du`.
  Its contribution is folded into `T_imp[i]` for downstream stage assembly, preserving

>   ARK order conditions. Useful for corrections whose dependence on the current state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the ARK scheme structure. Useful for corrections whose dependence on the current state
```
"Order conditions" was a bit ambiguous. I don't think the order is strictly preserved; it should be 1st order for the correction term.
